# CS360
Connor Fortier
Week Eight Journal
CS 360
12/19/2021

I uploaded the apk file instead of the project zip folder because the zipped project folder file was to large.

	The Event Tracking mobile application was designed to track events for a user by storing data for events that include a date, time, and other general information about said event.  Furthermore, the Event Tracking app allows users to login for a personalized user experience, and the app also allows users to enable and disable SMS notifications, within the app, to receive alerts for upcoming scheduled events.  The user needs the Event Tracking app was designed to address was a user having the need to record events, with specific data input, and then receive a scheduled alert for said event.  The Event Tracking app has four screens which include a login, data display, notification, and add event screens.  The UI design keeps users in mind by developing a user centered UI for the mobile application.  The design I used was successful because it included all the necessary elements for functionality as specified by the requirements, and the design did not include any unnecessary elements such as advertisements.  The approach, technique, and strategy that I used to design the Event Tracking app was to plan, the code, then test and make revisions as needed.  The aforementioned practices and principles could be applied in the future to any upcoming course work or out in industry in a professional setting.  To test the code for functionality, I used the built-in android emulator in Android Studio to run the Event Tracking app and make sure it functioned as per requirements.  The process of testing is important because it reveals any underlying logic or syntax errors in the code that may have been overlooked upon an initial review.  Throughout the design and development process of the Event Tracking mobile application I had to continually innovate to overcome many challengers in the overall process.  The specific component of the mobile application that I demonstrated the most knowledge, skills, and experience was the application design and interface; which demonstrated user requirements and an understanding of UI principles and design considerations.
